the kebab ugh I don't believe it they're
dead oh look they were so close this is
actually one of the hardest animals in
the world to film in a completely
natural setting I've spent months on the
Amazon and you see people River dolphins
popping up every now and again and it's
no more than a thin and it's gone and
already we've been here for two minutes
and I've had better sightings of pink
river dolphins and in all the months I
spent in the Amazon put together this is
going to be very very special indeed
[Music]
oh wow house quick
because that
so I think that's probably worth just
slipping straight in just at the edge
it's showing up that I could stand up
and though waters like sort of coma here
I should say straight off but these are
totally wild opens totally wild but the
reason they're here is actually exactly
the same reason why they're deadly
these animals have huge brains they're
really intelligent and if there's a free
meal on offer why waste time and energy
on going out and hunting it as soon as I
finished feeding them they're gonna be
off catching fish for themselves they're
not biting me despite the feather this
loads open from down here there really
are loads and they're quarreling over
the fish but I haven't yet have any of
those teeth Oh crikey
you tell him little fight there over the
fish I haven't yet been nibbles
touchwood